[Music]
following the events of the first hunger
games movie
katniss everdeen and peter milark now
live in victor's village
in district 12 a wealthy neighborhood
which is present in every district
and is where the victors of various
hunger games reside
president snow visits katniss and
explains that her actions in the games
have inspired uprisings he orders her to
use the upcoming victory tour
to convince him that her actions were
out of love and not defiance against the
capital
warning her that her friends family and
district 12
will otherwise suffer during the tour
katniss's mentor haymitch warns her that
victors of the games must serve as
mentors to future tributes
and that their show of love will be
forced to continue for the rest of their
lives
peacekeepers enter district 12 to crack
down on illegal activity
and katniss's friend gail is publicly
whipped after attacking the head
peacekeeper
haymitch peta and katniss use their
influence as hunger games victors
to save gail from execution the upcoming
hunger games
the 75th overall and the third quarter
quell
is announced and will involve tribute
selected from previous victors
katniss devotes herself to ensuring peta
survives
on reaping day hamich's name is drawn
but peta immediately volunteers to take
his place
haymitch reveals that tributes are angry
about being forced to return to the
games
and will most likely attempt to stop it
for her pre-games interview
katniss wears a wedding dress as ordered
by snow but her stylist cinna
sets it to transform into a symbol of a
mockingjay peta announces that he
and katniss who had previously announced
their engagement during their victory
tour in an unsuccessful attempt to quell
the districts
are expecting a child the citizens then
protest for the games to be stopped to
no avail
just before katniss enters the arena
cinna is severely beaten by peacekeepers
in front of her
as punishment for his tampering with her
dress and then dragged away
once the games begin katniss allies with
district 4
tributes finnick odair and the elderly
mags
his mentor when the arena's force field
shocks peta
stopping his heart finnick resuscitates
him the group is forced to flee from a
poisonous fog
when peta cannot go on meg sacrifices
herself
so that finnick can help him when
mandrill's attack peta is saved by the
unexpected sacrifice of a tribute from
district 6.
the group escapes to the beach where
finnick greets district three's wyrus
and bt and district seven's joanna mason
wyrus repeats the phrase tick-tock
leading katniss to realize that the
arena is designed like a clock
with regular hazards each hour contained
within their respective zones
wyrus's throat is slit by gloss gloss is
then fatally shot by katniss while
joanna kills his sister
kashmir finnick is injured by another
career and the game makers spin the
clock to disorient the tributes
bt suggests luring the rest of the
careers to the wet beach
and electrocuting them the group
separates to prepare the trap
laying down wire joanna cuts the tracker
out of katniss's arm and flees
katniss finds an unconscious beaty
unable to find peeta
and hearing a cannon katniss almost
kills finnick
thinking he betrayed them but he reminds
her to remember who the real enemy is
katniss attaches wire to an arrow and
shoots it into the arena roof just as
lightning strikes
the lightning is conducted along the
wire causing the arena shields to fail
and the roof to fall and katniss is
knocked unconscious
katniss awakens in an aircraft to find
hey mitch
bt who is still unconscious finnick
and plutarch heavensbeat the head
gamemaker who was revealed to be a rebel
against snow he tells her they are bound
for district 13
headquarters of the new rebellion and
that half the tributes were aware of the
plan to escape with katniss who
symbolizes the growing rebellion they
were unable to rescue peta and johanna
as they still have their trackers on
them a distraught katniss is sedated
after attacking haymitch
for not keeping his promise she awakens
to find gail by her side
who reassures her that her family is
safe but that district 12 has been
destroyed
by the capital